feat: adding the OOP platformer project to new JS curriculum (#50385)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-intermediate-oop-by-building-a-platformer-game/64cb4e676c156f7332f40db7.md

---
id: 64cb4e676c156f7332f40db7
title: Step 102
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-102
---

# --description--

> Set the checkpointMessage's `textContent` property to the `msg` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `checkpointMessage`'s `textContent` property to the `msg` parameter.
```
